metadata:
  capture_id: 20260528-000400-001
  captured_at: '2026-05-28T00:04:00+00:00'
  source: voice_memo
  schema_version: 1.0.0
  language: en
  word_count: 1930
  duration_seconds: 377
raw_transcript: |-
  Hello there, I want to talk to you, make a brain dump.

  Okay, I think I don't really know where to start from. I just think I have a lot of things on my mind. I need to take this as something routine that I just do. Sometimes I might pause for one second or two, just be patient with me. Sometimes I just need to take a breath to continue talking.

  I think one of the main points that I'm having on my mind right now is the fact that my girlfriend, my long-distance girlfriend, she just started to reopen again with the same issues that we had like maybe two months ago. That's still something that is persistent, but we're not ending on positive terms, yet I'm trying to take it as some sort of a mental challenge to see how to interact properly with a lady or a female, not just to avoid all of that sort of troublesome issues, maybe something hormonal, maybe something true with her, or maybe it's just her character, her identity. And if I don't fix that, then I'm the one who's going to get shocked by the results itself. So that's one thing. The other thing is more about my work. I've been so consumed with the fact that I'm trying to adjust, fine-tune, enhance, and optimize the agents on my artificial intelligence that have been offered to us by Amazon, my company. And it's been going great, but yet I still suffer a lot with the operational executional part. And I think that is putting me behind, yet there's a very good foundational ground to kick me or give me that sort of boost start or even a booster within the performance itself. That is definitely going to support my improving myself in front of my peers within my vendor portfolio that I do have to exceed possible $6 million annually. These are one of the two main things I think in my life. And there's also the family aspect, my brother-father relationship that has been so shaken by the latest travel to Minnesota for my brother's graduation, Youssef. And Youssef caused a lot of emotional mental damage to both of my parents, maybe my father even way more than my mother. And that is also one of the major topics that I do have. There are a lot of other minor issues that we could get into just to clear my mind even more, but we could start from there. You could help me further clean and clarify my mind from any sort of false sort of topics that I do have on my mind.

  Yeah, you could start from what I said.

  I think the brother's situation is one of the major ones, but if we focus on something that might be a little bit easier, such as the work performance operational issues, quite easy to resolve or reflect upon, the brother family thing and the recurring relationship damage is one of the major ones, actually.

  I think the fact that I need to plan my week properly ahead. I'm planning each day before the other within the night of the one prior to it in a more organized manner, that would definitely support knowing what I'm going to attack on first thing, whether in the second day or in the next day, just to ensure that I'm reflecting upon my week in a proper manner, understanding that that is what we have achieved so far. That would definitely support understanding what I've been done and how is it impacting the actual performance.

  Okay, I think we can tackle the current relationship damaging, that's the topic.

  Look, after reviewing the full issue on my mind, as I'm trying to inform you of it in a more of a conversational aspect, our story-like narrative, I think the whole concept is I am playing the pivotal role within this relationship. One of the main reasons that I'm quite convinced of logically is the fact that I think she is one of the best opportunities that might appear for me in terms of both financially feasible relationship to enter as an Egyptian-Arabic girl would command or request for much higher costs that I might not be able to provide for completely. As I was saying, that is one of the main reasons. Also, the fact that she is very mendable, or like if I push for something to me, she's gonna do it quite easily to get her to be aligned on what I want or push her away without her actually leaving the relationship, which sometimes coincides with the fact that she might not be willing to leave because of a very good offer on the table, someone with a very high educational level from higher socioeconomic background. Okay, so different from her family, that might be one of the gateways or keys for her to elevate her social economic level, you know. And again, this is me thinking completely financially, economically, on a social level, not in terms of the actual emotional relationship within the context. And the emotional background is sometimes I think she's more demanding than I am. She's always asking for, let's say, continuous calls, always calling, texting her. She wants a lot of support while I cannot, my memory does not actually recall the fact that she was supportive for me or of me, which sometimes puts me in that sort of situation where I really hate or critique that part, yet it's very difficult and tough to actually present that on the table. Maybe because of the fact that I'm trying not to damage the relationship or the health of it, or from the fact that maybe that I'm not able to communicate properly in that term. Because she's usually gonna take it as an offense or me critiquing or attacking her heavily, as she always sees herself as a little kid who always calls me, texts me, she's nagging, she even describes her existence as annoying to me. Or maybe she's using that as an anchor to just pull off another... On the argument to discontinue on with the conversation, you know, I think I will pause here for you to address that.

  Look, the conversation actually rebounded again today and resurfaced, I mean, and I handled it quite good. She just explained that she really wants to express her feelings, the fact that I snapped at her last time and I was extremely aggressive in terms of voice and made her feel broken in terms of she can't be the child version of herself, which is something that I feel usually, yeah, whenever she argues or in debates or gets into an argument, it's usually her being very childish about the points. And it's really tough to communicate with her as a mature person. That might be a positive and might be counterintuitive as a negative thing for the relationship. But the point is that I think again that the point is, yeah, I was able to handle it. Today she expressed her feelings. I again communicated what I want to say. Yet I was not critical of what she does, like I'm not taking this as an argument, but rather as an approach to not negotiate, but communicate to what sort of tenets or pillars we're going to focus on moving forward into the upcoming weeks, like in terms of how frequently we call, when do we call each other, when it's good and it's bad, when it's feasible, what do we like, what do we don't like, what do we prefer, what do I avoid. All of that sort of stuff that I think could be a good hook or anchor to see whether that relationship is possible to sail and continue moving forward or not. One of the major parts that it was very pressured into her work within the past two weeks since most of the team went on annual vacations, which was quite irresponsible and unprofessional from the management at her fitness subscription gym in Saudi Arabia. That put a lot of workload on her. She literally is working nearly two shifts. And again, the long distance is something that is ruining everything because I cannot really see her. I'm not really understand whether that's true or not, what's happening. Of course, that triggers a big, big part of my confidence on his part that believes that she's a loaded personality or not. But yeah, I think she is, but sometimes that shakes a little bit with prior historical actions that she did before, but that was like two years ago and I don't think it's going to occur again. The final part is, yeah, she's willing to take a vacation, but at this time she paused completely the family talks on engagement or any sort of upgrade to the relationship, but rather we want to have a vacation for a few weeks or something outside of Cairo to sort of... But see, uh, with Academy during her vacation time, she didn't explicitly say anything relevant to what I want to. When I presented that on the table, she definitely wants to say yes, but she was probably uh hurt by what happened within the past two, three weeks. But after that sort of conversation, I think things got a little bit better. Um, her displaying the fact that she just wants to be a child, well, that might be relevant to her, uh, traumatic childhood that she had with her family. But, uh, that pushed me in the end to the final few thoughts of the conclusion that the fact that you're gonna, for me, if I'm talking to myself, if I'm gonna take a personality who is low in terms of what she requests on finances or economy, uh, maybe a lower social level, maybe challenging education, but I can get that sort of halal religious relationship and get into a formal marriage, you know, and that would allow me to channel my need of warmth and the feminine persona in my life. Um, and that is the concessions or what I should be willing to compromise in my life. Because if I'm not willing to compromise that, then there would be some sort of a further hardship to actually accomplish such a thing, because what I see that if I want someone from my same level, it is very quite challenging because the fact that is my father does not have all of those funds to continue pushing me forward to get married or at least that sort of uh kick head start to my future. Um, he just gave me the tools or skillsets, and that is what I have to live with. And that is probably what got me to that point of thinking.

  That's probably everything that I do have on mind. I don't think I have any more for that sort of topic. I think, yeah, that's everything, but I was wondering what you're going to do with that sort of information. What's the next step in this conversation?

  Okay, let's do all the possible commands after the brain dump session is concluded so we can align it and push it forward to whatever sort of channel or structure that we have built for this project. As I was saying, there should be time where we could initiate a critique or review or reflection to what I've said so far.